Data Analyst - ComplianceCompetitive salaryBratislava 

Dell has been active in Slovakia since January 2003. We started as a centre of sales and customer support and transfer into a business centre supporting the whole EMEA region and the main financial hub of Dell, globally. We offer a broad palette of positions in IT, finance, sales, marketing, data science, technical support and business process support. 

We are very honored and humbled to receive 3rd place in an annual 'best employer' survey conducted by Profesia amongst Shared Service Centers in Slovakia for the year 2018. Join our team and be part of life at Dell. 

We are transforming Marketing at Dell. Come join the best and the brightest to bring Personalization at Scale vision to life. Leveraging Dell Technology intellectual property, we are building one of the worlds largest customer data lake bringing billions customer contacts and data together to drive our #digitaltransformation. If you love changing the status quo, and empowering the curious to engineer marketing excellence - we invite the curious to join our Data & Platform Management team. #GoBig #GoFast. 

Key Responsibilities
Data Analyst for a set of critical Customer Data Management tools with focus on Compliance area
Analyze customer data, identify quality & compliance gaps, formulate solutions, implement required configuration changes
Enforce governance around business-level configuration for Customer Data platforms
Consider the implications of business solutions to the current and future environment
Work with leadership to develop and administer reports on application usage
Work closely with program managers in meeting their data needs and understanding the data requirements
Essential Requirements:
Data Analysis / SQL
Experience with reporting - ad hoc reports, graphs, and presentations
Experience in CRM or Customer-related data management / analytics
Willingness to learn new tools. These include Tableau and Customer Data specialized tools
2 to 3 years of proven experience in data Analytics
Strong communication skills, written and verbal presentations
Desirable Requirements:
Experience with Compliance / GDPR
Experience in global or remote Services/Business support type of environment
Experience analyzing Marketing vehicle or campaign performance, optimizing customer experience
Marketing oriented acumen
Salary starting from: 2060 eur gross/month 

Benefits 

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. 

Dell is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, genetics, or citizenship status (when otherwise legally authorized to work) and will not be discriminated against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell encourages applicants of all ages.