About Swiss Re 

The Swiss Re Group is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. It anticipates and manages risk – from natural catastrophes to climate change, from ageing populations to cybercrime. The aim of the Swiss Re Group is to enable society to thrive and progress, creating new opportunities and solutions for its clients. Headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, where it was founded in 1863, the Swiss Re Group operates through a network of around 80 offices globally. It is organised into three Business Units, each with a distinct strategy and set of objectives contributing to the Group’s overall mission.

About the Programme 
We are looking for graduates with good interpersonal skills, who are eager to learn and broaden their knowledge and expertise. If you have a Bachelor, Master or PhD degree with up to 3 years professional experience then we invite you to apply to our graduates@swissre programme 2019. The programme start date is 1st September 2019. 
The programme offers you the chance to join the dynamic, fast-moving world of a leading risk knowledge organisation. Over an 18-month period, you’ll receive on-and-off-the-job training, including a job rotation that gives you the opportunity to work across various business units. 

About the role 
Do you want to start your career in a diverse international team? Are you looking for a job that allows you to grow your technical and social skills? Is a lively work environment and great team spirit important for you? 
As part of the Solution Development team in our Bratislava office you will work closely with our internal clients and IT professionals to understand requirements, design software solutions and tackle analytical questions within the Risk Management domain. We offer a role that provides an exclusive opportunity to develop a toolkit of skills, which will provide you a solid foundation upon which to build your career. By combining both business knowledge alongside with developing a technical skillset, you will be able to play a critical role between technical and Risk Management teams. With a focus on developing an understanding of different risk processes you will:
Turn ideas from concept to reality
Perform technical analysis, system design, implementation and testing of proposed solutions
Apply agile practices and develop ideas in close collaboration with internal clients
Apply your analytical skills to help gain new insights
Find opportunities for using company data to drive state-of-the-art business solutions 

About the team
The Risk Management IT Solution Development & Quality Assurance team provides technical solutions for all Risk Management functions. We support projects and business-as-usual activities in collaboration with other RMIT teams. We have a broad technical expertise on application and data warehouse development, reporting and software testing. 
Our team includes leading IT experts who provide technical solutions. We maintain strong ties with all Risk Management teams in Swiss Re, which include Assurance & Qualitative Risk, Credit, Market and Group Risks & Analytics as well as providing services to the regional heads. We work both on "business as usual" tasks and on projects. We have built up a trusted relationship with both our IT and business partners located mainly in Zurich, London, New York and Bangalore. 

About You
You hold a university degree, preferably in computer science, applied mathematics or equivalent
You have experience with software development in e.g. Java, .net, Python or SQL
You are interested and motivated to learn about insurance/reinsurance
You have knowledge or passion in designing modern IT solutions (e.g. data modelling, system architecture, UX design) and have interest in the latest IT development trends (e.g. cloud computing, machine learning, automation)
You have strong analytical skills and can focus on details without losing track of the bigger picture
You are innovative, show a high degree of own initiative and approach problems with curiosity and open-mindedness
You like to express yourself in one-on-one conversations and small groups
You have good communication and interpersonal skills and like to work in diverse, interdisciplinary teams 

Minimum base salary for this job from 1200 EUR gross/month/full time. Our offer to you may be higher based on your skills and experience and will include additional rewards and benefits. We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional competencies, qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. Our compensation philosophy is to pay fairly, also considering market situation and the value employees may bring to Swiss Re.